#summary Configuring the File System Connector
#labels Featured

=Overview=
The File System Connector traverses Windows directories and contained sub directories.
During an initial traversal files and their ACLs are sent to the GSA for indexing 
and serve time security checking purposes.
During subsequent traversals, the File System Connector notices change that are not
yet reflected in GSA index and updates the GSA accordingly.

All file access is through the JCIFS library. A supported directory must be
accessible as a Windows share. You can verify access from a Windows system with
File Explorer. Linux users can verify access with the smbclient utility.

The File System Connector marks documents it sends to the GSA as secure
and attempts to include an ACL with each document. The GSA
uses these ACLs to authorize user access when responding to queries. If a file
has an ACL with a deny ACE File System connector sends the file to the GSA without
an ACL. If the document qualifies as a potential result for a query GSA will
delegate authorization checking to the File System Connector.  Due to a known
GSA issue access will be denied for all users.

Because the File System Connector sends the GSA secure documents with ACLs you
must configure the GSA to:
  # Authenticate the user.
  # Determine the authenticated user's groups.

For detailed information please refer to these links:
  # [http://code.google.com/apis/searchappliance/documentation/68/secure_search/secure_search_overview.html Managing Search for Controlled-Access Content]
  # [http://code.google.com/apis/searchappliance/documentation/68/secure_search/secure_search_crwlsrv.html#serve_for_controlled_access_content Authenticating users]
  # [http://code.google.com/apis/searchappliance/documentation/68/secure_search/secure_search_crwlsrv.html#PolicyAccessControlLists Policy ACLs] 

Before configuring a File System Connector you must install one. An Installer
will be provided soon. For manual installation instructions please refer to http://code.google.com/p/google-enterprise-connector-file-system/wiki/ManualInstallation.

The installed File System Connector is managed by a Connector Manager which runs in the
same Tomcat instance and must be registered with the GSA. For information on registering 
this Connector Manager please refer to the help links on the 
'Connector Admininistration->Connector Managers' screen on your GSA.

Once the Connector Manager has been registered you can configure the File System Connector
itself. For general information on registering connectors please refer to the 
help links on the 'Connector Administration->Connectors' screen on your GSA.


The File System Connector configuration includes URL patterns. These patterns
follow the conventions of the patterns supported by the GSA. For more information see
http://code.google.com/apis/searchappliance/documentation/68/admin_crawl/URL_patterns.html

=Form Elements=
The following sections describe the information to enter in the File System Connector configuration form:
  # *Start paths*: Enter SMB URLs directorys you want the File System Connector to traverse in the boxes (1 URL per box). See http://jcifs.samba.org/src/docs/api/ for additional information on SMB URLs. Do not add domain, user name or password elements to start paths. 
  # *Include patterns*: Enter include patterns for files you want sent to the GSA in the boxes (1 pattern per box). The File System Connector will only send a file if it matches an include pattern.
  # *Exclude patterns*: Enter exclude patterns for files that match an include pattern that you do not want sent to the GSA (1 pattern per box). 
  # *Domain*: The domain for the Window's user performing the traversal.
  # *User Name*: The name of a Window's user performing the traversal. This user needs sufficient permission to access all the files and directories being traversed. The user must be authorized to list all the traversed directories. In addition the user must authorized to read data and meta data for all traversed files. 
  # *Password*: The password for the Window's user performing the traversal.
  # *Full traversal interval*: How often to fully traverse the repository from scratch.  File and directory adds, deletes, and copies and changes to file contents are detected during the connector's incremental traversals (determined by the connector's Retry Delay). However, moved or renamed files and changes to ACLs and other metadata may only be detected during full traversals. Frequent full traversals may overwhelm the Search Appliance, bogging down its feed processing. Long full traversal intervals increase the time it takes for the Search Appliance to notice certain types of changes.